!!Instructions
((
Form Builder helps you build quick and simple forms that are integrated with Open Forum. This means form fields are automatically made available as Javascript variables
and are automatically updated on the page when changed in a script.
))
((
Each row in the form definition on the right relates to a single input field. In its simplest form, the first words in the row are the fields label, with the last field being its variable name.
A blank row will start a new row in the form.
Each row has its own type. The default type in a text input field, but other types are available by starting the row with a type name followed by a colon.
))
----
!!Example

[{ScriptClip fileName="example.txt"}]

----
!!Types

__Input:__
((This is the default type. You do not need to prefix the row with Input:))

__Text:__
((This will provide a text box for multiline input))

__Checkbox:__
((This will provide a checkbox that will have a value of true or false depending on whether it is checked))

__View:__
((This will display a variables value in the form))

__Note:__
((This is for adding a comment in the form definition. It does not appear in the produced form))

__Form Name:__
((This sets the name of the form for use in code. It should only be set once.))

__Message:__
((This will display the given message text in the form))

__Title:__
((This will display the given title in the form))

__Calculation:__
((In Form Builder we have added the ability to perform in page calculations so small applications can be preformed with any need to create code elsewhere))

__Action:__
((Adds a button that calls a function))
